Add XSM in the plugins (#278)
godotengine/awesome-godot: README.md

- [Waterways](https://github.com/Arnklit/WaterGenGodot) - Tool to generate river meshes with flow and foam maps based on Bézier curves.

> - [Wwise](https://github.com/alessandrofama/wwise-godot-integration) - Wwise audio middleware integration.
> - [Yume Visual Novel Editor](https://github.com/yumedev40/Yume-Visual-Novel-Editor) - An integrated editor for creating visual novel games.
> - [XSM](https://gitlab.com/atnb/xsm) - A fully featured hierarchical Statem Machine with parallel states, easy animation or random states and more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Wwise](https://github.com/alessandrofama/wwise-godot-integration) - Wwise audio middleware integration.
- [XSM](https://gitlab.com/atnb/xsm) - A fully-featured hierarchical State Machine with parallel states, easy animation, random states and more.
- [Yume Visual Novel Editor](https://github.com/yumedev40/Yume-Visual-Novel-Editor) - An integrated editor for creating visual novel games.
```
